in what was an epic confrontation
between John Cena and Kevin Owens it was
the AAA from Cena Owens that would
deliver the 123 but it wasn't one AAA it
wasn't to AAA's i think it was at the
third it was either the second or third
AAA because always was able to maneuver
his way out he was able to counter the
AAA a couple of times during this match
but I'll tell you what the booking the
strategy the innovation from John Cena
in this match you know Johnson always
gets criticized for not pulling out any
new maneuvers not digging deep not
presenting something that you know you
didn't expect from him John Cena is
always predictable tonight John Cena
pulled out some moves that quite frankly
we've never ever seen and I'm not just
talking about the springboard stunner
all right we saw John Cena have to go to
all-time levels and i'll tell you what
John Cena was getting in this match hehe
he was getting conflicted Johnson was
starting to question whether or not he
could beat Kevin Owens and I'll tell you
what when John Cena starts to get
besides himself which you don't see a
lot when John Cena starts to up you know
get in the referees face and say no that
was a three-count wait a minute there's
something wrong here that shows you that
Kevin Owens not only was matching John
Cena move for move not only intensity
not only physicality but also
emotionally because John Cena didn't
know what it was going to take to end
Kevin Owens but at the end of the day
John Cena big match John came up big
with the lights on bright at money in
the bank and it was the attitude
adjustment on the WWE Network for new
subscribers free and this was a
phenomenal match from start to finish if
not better than their last match and I
was definitely in favor they last I mean
I was on the edge of my seat for this
match I got goosebumps but when John
seemed to hit that final AAA you almost
knew that was going to be it but always
kicked out of the AAA earlier in the
match but the attitude adjustment once
again works for John Cena but you got to
wonder after the match Kevin Owens
attacked John Cena brutally and
viciously you got to wonder what's the
status of John Cena after the match Cena
won the match but Owens won the war
subscribe